add bytesize SIG animalgenomics (#2746)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2024/bytesize_sig_animalgenomics.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: Special Interest Group - Animal Genomics'
subtitle: Björn Langer (CRG, Barcelona), Jose Espinosa-Carrasco (CRG, Barcelona)
type: talk
startDate: '2024-11-12'
startTime: '13:00+02:00'
endDate: '2024-11-12'
endTime: '13:30+02:00'
locations:
  - name: Online
    links:
      - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> In this weeks bytesize, Björn ((@bjlang)[https://github.com/bjlang]) and Jose ((@JoseEspinosa)[https://github.com/JoseEspinosa]) are introducing the nf-core [special insterest group "Animal Genomics"](https://nf-co.re/special-interest-groups/animal-genomics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this week's bytesize, Björn ((@bjlang)[https://github.com/bjlang]) and Jose ((@JoseEspinosa)[https://github.com/JoseEspinosa]) are introducing the nf-core [special interest group "Animal Genomics"](https://nf-co.re/special-interest-groups/animal-genomics). This group aims to be a hub for animal genomics researchers to come together and discuss best practices for running nf-core pipelines efficiently in their field and get inspiration from talks of other researchers in the field and beyond. The speakers will give an overview of what the group started before converting to an nf-core special group, what is about, what has been done already and their future perspectives.
```
